#Hardware clock
  The hardware clock is physically present and continues to run from battery power
  if the system is not connected to any powersource. A Linux system will read
  the time from this clock on boot to use this time as initial system time.
  
  Display current hardware clock time
    $ hwclock

  Hardware clock synchronisation to system clock
    $ hwclock --hctosys

  System clock synchronisation to hardware clock
    $ hwclock --systohc

#Stratum
  NTP servers work based on a hierachy called stratum and starting at stratum 0.
  Stratum 0 time sources are highly exact time sources like atomic or GPS clocks.
  Stratum 1 time sources are getting their time from stratum 0 sources, stratum 2
  time sources are getting their time from stratum 1 sources and so forth.
  Stratum n+1 will synchronise against stratum n where the highest limit is
  stratum 15. Stratum 16 time sources refer to time sources that are not
  synchronised. Time synchronisation is more accurate against a stratum 1 source
  than a stratum 4 source.

#NTP Firewall rules
  The default port for NTP traffic is port 123, all network will use UDP protocol
  since it is a pull request and therefore package acknowledgement is not necessary.
  Public available time sources use this port unless otherwise specified.
  
  On a local environment a firewall rule must be added to enable the NTP service.
  The following example will add the NTP service to the firewall using the default
  NTP requirements (port 123 over UDP).
    $ firewall-cmd --add-service ntp

#Chrony
  Chrony is a versatile implementation of NTP. It can synchronise the system clock
  with NTP servers, reference clocks (e.g. GPS receiver) and manual input using
  wristwatch and keyboard. On default, chrony will sync hwclock to NTP every 11
  minutes on CentOS7/RHEL7, in previous versions this was only done at system boot.
  To change this synchronisation time, see variable 'rtcsync' in /etc/chrony.conf.
  On a default CentOS7/RHEL7 installation, chrony will come preinstalled on the
  system. If not, it can be installed as follows:
    $ yum install chrony -y

  After installation, the chronyd instance will not be running nor will it be
  enabled to remain persistent after a system reboot.
  
  Ensure that the chrony service starts up on system reboot:
    $ systemctl enable chronyd

  Ensure that the chrony service is started:
    $ systemctl start chronyd

  Configuration for chrony is stored in the file '/etc/chrony.conf'. The chrony
  installation includes chronyd as well as chronyc. Chronyd is the daemon for
  the chrony instance. Chronyc is a command line utility used to make various
  configuration adjustments.
  
  In the configuration file, under the section about the public pool, custom servers
  can be added, in example:
  
    server 0.centos.pool.ntp.org iburst
    server 1.myntpserver01.local.domain iburst
    server 2.myntpserver02.local.domain iburst
    server 3.myntpfailover01.external.domain iburst
    server 4.myntpfailover02.external.domain iburst

  After changing any configuration setting, the chronyd instance must be restarted:
    $ systemctl restart chronyd

  Other than the configuration with fixed NTP time sources it is possible to
  retrieve them over DHCP. This can be achieved by altering the 'PEERDNS' variable
  in the network configuration.
